article on generate subsequences added (#479)
TesseractCoding/NeoAlgo-Docs: docs/competitive-programming/generate-subsequences.mdx

---
title: Generate All Subsequences of a String
slug: /competitive-programming/generate-subsequences
---

## Introduction

Given a string containing n characters, find out all the subsequences of the string.

## Explanation 

> We can do it by first taking an empty string. Initially, there will two seperate cases, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can do it by first taking an empty string. Initially, there will be two separate cases, 
```
